test/e2e_dra/README.md, before:

This directory contains a testsuite with automatic upgrade/downgrade tests for
DRA. Conceptually this is like an integration test, in the sense that it
starts/stops cluster components and runs tests against them. It has its own
directory because it needs to be started differently than other integration
tests or unit tests, which makes it more like an E2E suite.

The difference is that it starts Kubernetes components by running the actual
binaries, relying on local-up-cluster.sh for the logic and configuration
steps. local-up-cluster.sh needs additional permissions and
preparations on the host.

To run it:
- Make sure that hack/local-up-cluster.sh works:
  - sudo must work
  - Set env variables as necessary for your environment.
- Ensure that /var/lib/kubelet/plugins, /var/lib/kubelet/plugins_registry,
  and /var/run/cdi are writable.
- Build binaries with `make`.
- Export `KUBERNETES_SERVER_BIN_DIR=$(pwd)/_output/local/bin/linux/amd64` (or
  whatever is your GOOS/GOARCH and output directory).
- Optional: export `KUBERNETES_SERVER_CACHE_DIR=$(pwd)/_output/local/bin/linx/amd64/cache-dir`
  to reuse downloaded release binaries across test invocations.
- Optional: set ARTIFACTS to store component log files persistently.
  Otherwise a test tmp directory is used.
- Invoke as a Go test (no need for the ginkgo CLI), for example:

        go test -v -count=1 -timeout=1h ./test/e2e_dra
        dlv test ./test/e2e_dra -- -test.v
        make test KUBE_TIMEOUT=-timeout=1h WHAT=test/e2e_dra FULL_LOG=true KUBE_TEST_ARGS="-count=1"

`make test` instead of `make test-integration` is intentional: `local-up-cluster.sh`
itself wants to start etcd. `-count=1` ensures that test runs each time it is invoked.
`-v`/`-test.v`/`FULL_LOG=true` make the test output visible while the test runs.

To simplify starting from scratch, `./test/e2e_dra/run.sh` cleans
up, sets permissions, and then invokes whatever command is specified on the
command line:

     ./test/e2e_dra/run.sh go test ./test/e2e_dra

Commit message:

testing: partial revert of E2E + DRA upgrade/downgrade
Refactoring the DRA upgrade/downgrade testing such that it runs as Go test
depended on supporting ktesting in the E2E framework. That change worked during
presubmit testing, but broke some periodic jobs. Therefore the relevant commits
from https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/135664/commits get reverted:

c47ad64820c DRA e2e+integration: test ResourceSlice controller
047682908d6 ktesting: replace Begin/End with TContext.Step
de477148792 DRA upgrade/downgrade: rewrite as Go unit test
7c7b1e1018b DRA e2e: make driver deployment possible in Go unit tests
65ef31973cd DRA upgrade/downgrade: split out individual test steps
47b613eded3 e2e framework: support creating TContext

The last one is what must have caused the problem, but the other commits depend
on it.

test/e2e_dra/README.md, after:

This directory contains a testsuite with automatic upgrade/downgrade tests for
DRA. Conceptually this is like an integration test, in the sense that it
starts/stops cluster components and runs tests against them.

The difference is that it starts Kubernetes components by running the actual
binaries, relying on local-up-cluster.sh for the logic and configuration
steps. Because local-up-cluster.sh needs additional permissions and
preparations on the host, the test cannot run in "make test-integration" and
just skips itself there.

To run it:
- Make sure that hack/local-up-cluster.sh works:
  - sudo must work
  - Set env variables as necessary for your environment.
- Ensure that /var/lib/kubelet/plugins, /var/lib/kubelet/plugins_registry,
  and /var/run/cdi are writable.
- Build binaries with `make`.
- Export `KUBERNETES_SERVER_BIN_DIR=$(pwd)/_output/local/bin/linux/amd64` (or
  whatever is your GOOS/GOARCH and output directory).
- Optional: export `KUBERNETES_SERVER_CACHE_DIR=$(pwd)/_output/local/bin/linx/amd64/cache-dir`
  to reuse downloaded release binaries across test invocations.
- Optional: set ARTIFACTS to store component log files persistently.
  Otherwise a test tmp directory is used.
- Invoke as a Go test (no need for the ginkgo CLI), for example:

        go test -v -count=1 -timeout=1h ./test/e2e_dra -args -ginkgo.v
        dlv test ./test/e2e_dra -- -ginkgo.v
        make test KUBE_TIMEOUT=-timeout=1h WHAT=test/e2e_dra FULL_LOG=true KUBE_TEST_ARGS="-count=1 -args -ginkgo.v"

`make test` instead of `make test-integration` is intentional: `local-up-cluster.sh`
itself wants to start etcd. `-count=1` ensures that test runs each time it is invoked.
`-v` and `-ginkgo.v` make the test output visible while the test runs.

To simplify starting from scratch, `./test/e2e_dra/run.sh` cleans
up, sets permissions, and then invokes whatever command is specified on the
command line:

     ./test/e2e_dra/run.sh go test ./test/e2e_dra

The test is implemented as a Ginkgo suite because that allows reusing the same
helper code as in E2E tests. Long-term the goal is to port that helper code to
ktesting, support ktesting in test/e2e, and turn this test into a normal Go
test.
