.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl label \- Update the labels on a resource


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl label\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update the labels on a resource.

.PP
A label must begin with a letter or number, and may contain letters, numbers, hyphens, dots, and underscores, up to 63 characters.
If \-\-overwrite is true, then existing labels can be overwritten, otherwise attempting to overwrite a label will result in an error.
If \-\-resource\-version is specified, then updates will use this resource version, otherwise the existing resource\-version will be used.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to a file identifying the resource to update the labels

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default output, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://releases.k8s.io/v1.1.0/docs/user-guide/jsonpath.md\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given version (default api\-version).

.PP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fP=false
    If true, allow labels to be overwritten, otherwise reject label updates that overwrite existing labels.

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-version\fP=""
    If non\-empty, the labels update will only succeed if this is the current resource\-version for the object. Only valid when specifying a single resource.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=false
    When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. 'ObjectMeta.Name'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# Update pod 'foo' with the label 'unhealthy' and the value 'true'.
$ kubectl label pods foo unhealthy=true

# Update pod 'foo' with the label 'status' and the value 'unhealthy', overwriting any existing value.
$ kubectl label \-\-overwrite pods foo status=unhealthy

# Update all pods in the namespace
$ kubectl label pods \-\-all status=unhealthy

# Update a pod identified by the type and name in "pod.json"
$ kubectl label \-f pod.json status=unhealthy

# Update pod 'foo' only if the resource is unchanged from version 1.
$ kubectl label pods foo status=unhealthy \-\-resource\-version=1

# Update pod 'foo' by removing a label named 'bar' if it exists.
# Does not require the \-\-overwrite flag.
$ kubectl label pods foo bar\-

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
