.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl patch \- Update field(s) of a resource by stdin.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl patch\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update field(s) of a resource using strategic merge patch

.PP
JSON and YAML formats are accepted.

.PP
Please refer to the models in 
\[la]https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/release-1.1/docs/api-reference/v1/definitions.html\[ra] to find if a field is mutable.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to a file identifying the resource to update

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output mode. Use "\-o name" for shorter output (resource/name).

.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-patch\fP=""
    The patch to be applied to the resource JSON file.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf

# Partially update a node using strategic merge patch
kubectl patch node k8s\-node\-1 \-p '{"spec":{"unschedulable":true}}'

# Partially update a node identified by the type and name specified in "node.json" using strategic merge patch
kubectl patch \-f node.json \-p '{"spec":{"unschedulable":true}}'

# Update a container's image; spec.containers[*].name is required because it's a merge key
kubectl patch pod valid\-pod \-p '{"spec":{"containers":[{"name":"kubernetes\-serve\-hostname","image":"new image"}]}}'

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
