.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Scott Collier" "October 2014"  ""

.SH NAME
.PP
kubelet \- Processes a container manifest so the containers are launched according to how they are described.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubelet\fP [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBkubernetes\fP kubelet runs on each node. The Kubelet works in terms of a container manifest. A container manifest is a YAML or JSON file that describes a pod. The Kubelet takes a set of manifests that are provided in various mechanisms and ensures that the containers described in those manifests are started and continue running.

.PP
There are 3 ways that a container manifest can be provided to the Kubelet:

.PP
.RS

.nf
File: Path passed as a flag on the command line. This file is rechecked every 20 seconds (configurable with a flag).
HTTP endpoint: HTTP endpoint passed as a parameter on the command line. This endpoint is checked every 20 seconds (also configurable with a flag).
HTTP server: The kubelet can also listen for HTTP and respond to a simple API (underspec'd currently) to submit a new manifest.

.fi

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address for the info server to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\_dynamic\_housekeeping\fP=true
    Whether to allow the housekeeping interval to be dynamic

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-privileged\fP=false
    If true, allow containers to request privileged mode. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-servers\fP=[]
    List of Kubernetes API servers for publishing events, and reading pods and services. (ip:port), comma separated.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\_id\_file\fP=/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cadvisor\-port\fP=4194
    The port of the localhost cAdvisor endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/var/run/kubernetes"
    The directory where the TLS certs are located (by default /var/run/kubernetes). If \-\-tls\_cert\_file and \-\-tls\_private\_key\_file are provided, this flag will be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-cgroup\_root\fP=""
    Optional root cgroup to use for pods. This is handled by the container runtime on a best effort basis. Default: '', which means use the container runtime default.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-config\fP=""
    The path to the cloud provider configuration file.  Empty string for no configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\fP=""
    The provider for cloud services.  Empty string for no provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-dns\fP=
    IP address for a cluster DNS server.  If set, kubelet will configure all containers to use this for DNS resolution in addition to the host's DNS servers

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-domain\fP=""
    Domain for this cluster.  If set, kubelet will configure all containers to search this domain in addition to the host's search domains

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file or directory of files

.PP
\fB\-\-configure\-cbr0\fP=false
    If true, kubelet will configure cbr0 based on Node.Spec.PodCIDR.

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_hints\fP=/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-container\_runtime\fP="docker"
    The container runtime to use. Possible values: 'docker', 'rkt'. Default: 'docker'.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP=unix:///var/run/docker.sock
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-daemon\-container\fP="/docker\-daemon"
    Optional resource\-only container in which to place the Docker Daemon. Empty for no container (Default: /docker\-daemon).

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-endpoint\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use this for the docker endpoint to communicate with

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_root\fP=/var/lib/docker
    Absolute path to the Docker state root directory (default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\_run\fP=/var/run/docker
    Absolute path to the Docker run directory (default: /var/run/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-debugging\-handlers\fP=true
    Enables server endpoints for log collection and local running of containers and commands

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\_load\_reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-server\fP=true
    Enable the info server

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_age\_limit\fP=default=24h
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\_storage\_event\_limit\fP=default=100000
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-file\-check\-frequency\fP=20s
    Duration between checking config files for new data

.PP
\fB\-\-global\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=1m0s
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-bind\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    The IP address for the healthz server to serve on, defaulting to 127.0.0.1 (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-port\fP=10248
    The port of the localhost healthz endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-network\-sources\fP="file"
    Comma\-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use of host network. For all sources use "*" [default="file"]

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\-override\fP=""
    If non\-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\_interval\fP=1s
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-http\-check\-frequency\fP=20s
    Duration between checking http for new data

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-gc\-high\-threshold\fP=90
    The percent of disk usage after which image garbage collection is always run. Default: 90%%

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-gc\-low\-threshold\fP=80
    The percent of disk usage before which image garbage collection is never run. Lowest disk usage to garbage collect to. Default: 80%%

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=/var/lib/kubelet/kubeconfig
    Path to a kubeconfig file, specifying how to authenticate to API server (the master location is set by the api\-servers flag).

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_cadvisor\_usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_flush\_frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-low\-diskspace\-threshold\-mb\fP=256
    The absolute free disk space, in MB, to maintain. When disk space falls below this threshold, new pods would be rejected. Default: 256

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\_id\_file\fP=/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-manifest\-url\fP=""
    URL for accessing the container manifest

.PP
\fB\-\-master\-service\-namespace\fP="default"
    The namespace from which the kubernetes master services should be injected into pods

.PP
\fB\-\-max\_housekeeping\_interval\fP=1m0s
    Largest interval to allow between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-max\_pods\fP=100
    Number of Pods that can run on this Kubelet.

.PP
\fB\-\-maximum\-dead\-containers\fP=100
    Maximum number of old instances of a containers to retain globally.  Each container takes up some disk space.  Default: 100.

.PP
\fB\-\-maximum\-dead\-containers\-per\-container\fP=5
    Maximum number of old instances of a container to retain per container.  Each container takes up some disk space.  Default: 5.

.PP
\fB\-\-minimum\-container\-ttl\-duration\fP=1m0s
    Minimum age for a finished container before it is garbage collected.  Examples: '300ms', '10s' or '2h45m'

.PP
\fB\-\-network\-plugin\fP=""
    The name of the network plugin to be invoked for various events in kubelet/pod lifecycle

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-status\-update\-frequency\fP=10s
    Specifies how often kubelet posts node status to master. Note: be cautious when changing the constant, it must work with nodeMonitorGracePeriod in nodecontroller. Default: 10s

.PP
\fB\-\-oom\-score\-adj\fP=\-900
    The oom\_score\_adj value for kubelet process. Values must be within the range [\-1000, 1000]

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-infra\-container\-image\fP="gcr.io/google\_containers/pause:0.8.0"
    The image whose network/ipc namespaces containers in each pod will use.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=10250
    The port for the info server to serve on

.PP
\fB\-\-read\-only\-port\fP=10255
    The read\-only port for the info server to serve on (set to 0 to disable)

.PP
\fB\-\-registry\-burst\fP=10
    Maximum size of a bursty pulls, temporarily allows pulls to burst to this number, while still not exceeding registry\_qps.  Only used if \-\-registry\_qps > 0

.PP
\fB\-\-registry\-qps\fP=0
    If > 0, limit registry pull QPS to this value.  If 0, unlimited. [default=0.0]

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-container\fP="/kubelet"
    Absolute name of the resource\-only container to create and run the Kubelet in (Default: /kubelet).

.PP
\fB\-\-root\-dir\fP="/var/lib/kubelet"
    Directory path for managing kubelet files (volume mounts,etc).

.PP
\fB\-\-runonce\fP=false
    If true, exit after spawning pods from local manifests or remote urls. Exclusive with \-\-api\_servers, and \-\-enable\-server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-streaming\-connection\-idle\-timeout\fP=0
    Maximum time a streaming connection can be idle before the connection is automatically closed.  Example: '5m'

.PP
\fB\-\-sync\-frequency\fP=10s
    Max period between synchronizing running containers and config

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cert\-file\fP=""
    File /gmrvcontaining x509 Certificate for HTTPS.  (CA cert, if any, concatenated after server cert). If \-\-tls\_cert\_file and \-\-tls\_private\_key\_file are not provided, a self\-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to the directory passed to \-\-cert\_dir.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    File containing x509 private key matching \-\-tls\_cert\_file.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.RS

.nf
/usr/bin/kubelet \-\-logtostderr=true \-\-v=0 \-\-api\_servers=http://127.0.0.1:8080 \-\-address=127.0.0.1 \-\-port=10250 \-\-hostname\_override=127.0.0.1 \-\-allow\-privileged=false

.fi

.SH HISTORY
.PP
October 2014, Originally compiled by Scott Collier (scollier at redhat dot com) based
 on the kubernetes source material and internal work.

.PP
May 2015, Revised by Victor HU(huruifeng at huawei dot com) by kubernetes version 0.17

.PP
[]()
