## CoreOS Community Code of Conduct

### Contributor Code of Conduct

As contributors and maintainers of this project, and in the interest of
fostering an open and welcoming community, we pledge to respect all people who
contribute through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating
documentation, submitting pull requests or patches, and other activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free
experience for everyone, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender
identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance,
body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, or nationality.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery
* Personal attacks
* Trolling or insulting/derogatory comments
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as physical or electronic addresses, without explicit permission
* Other unethical or unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct. By adopting this Code of Conduct,
project maintainers commit themselves to fairly and consistently applying these
principles to every aspect of managing this project. Project maintainers who do
not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct may be permanently removed from the
project team.

This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting a project maintainer, Brandon Philips
<brandon.philips@coreos.com>, and/or Rithu John <rithu.john@coreos.com>.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant
(http://contributor-covenant.org), version 1.2.0, available at
http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/2/0/

### CoreOS Events Code of Conduct

CoreOS events are working conferences intended for professional networking and
collaboration in the CoreOS community. Attendees are expected to behave
according to professional standards and in accordance with their employerâ€™s
policies on appropriate workplace behavior.

While at CoreOS events or related social networking opportunities, attendees
should not engage in discriminatory or offensive speech or actions including
but not limited to gender, sexuality, race, age, disability, or religion.
Speakers should be especially aware of these concerns.

CoreOS does not condone any statements by speakers contrary to these standards.
CoreOS reserves the right to deny entrance and/or eject from an event (without
refund) any individual found to be engaging in discriminatory or offensive
speech or actions.

Please bring any concerns to the immediate attention of designated on-site
staff, Brandon Philips <brandon.philips@coreos.com>, and/or Rithu John <rithu.john@coreos.com>.
