.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
cloud\-controller\-manager \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBcloud\-controller\-manager\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Cloud controller manager is a daemon that embeds
the cloud specific control loops shipped with Kubernetes.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces).

.PP
\fB\-\-allocate\-node\-cidrs\fP=false
    Should CIDRs for Pods be allocated and set on the cloud provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-untagged\-cloud\fP=false
    Allow the cluster to run without the cluster\-id on cloud instances. This is a legacy mode of operation and a cluster\-id will be required in the future.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-config\fP=""
    The path to the cloud provider configuration file. Empty string for no configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\fP=""
    The provider of cloud services. Cannot be empty.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-cidr\fP=""
    CIDR Range for Pods in cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-name\fP="kubernetes"
    The instance prefix for the cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-service\-syncs\fP=1
    The number of services that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive service management, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-configure\-cloud\-routes\fP=true
    Should CIDRs allocated by allocate\-node\-cidrs be configured on the cloud provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-contention\-profiling\fP=false
    Enable lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-controller\-start\-interval\fP=0s
    Interval between starting controller managers.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
Accelerators=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AdvancedAuditing=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllowExtTrafficLocalEndpoints=true|false (default=true)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BlockVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CPUManager=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIPersistentVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomPodDNS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourceValidation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DebugContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DevicePlugins=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
EnableEquivalenceClassCache=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandPersistentVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
HugePages=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
Initializers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
KubeletConfigFile=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MountContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MountPropagation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PVCProtection=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PersistentLocalVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodPriority=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RotateKubeletClientCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceNodeExclusion=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportIPVSProxyMode=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintBasedEvictions=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintNodesByCondition=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeScheduling=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=30
    Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    Content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=20
    QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\fP=true
    Start a leader election client and gain leadership before executing the main loop. Enable this when running replicated components for high availability.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-lease\-duration\fP=15s
    The duration that non\-leader candidates will wait after observing a leadership renewal until attempting to acquire leadership of a led but unrenewed leader slot. This is effectively the maximum duration that a leader can be stopped before it is replaced by another candidate. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-renew\-deadline\fP=10s
    The interval between attempts by the acting master to renew a leadership slot before it stops leading. This must be less than or equal to the lease duration. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-resource\-lock\fP="endpoints"
    The type of resource object that is used for locking during leader election. Supported options are \fB\fCendpoints\fR (default) and \fB\fCconfigmaps\fR.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-retry\-period\fP=2s
    The duration the clients should wait between attempting acquisition and renewal of a leadership. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
    The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig).

.PP
\fB\-\-min\-resync\-period\fP=12h0m0s
    The resync period in reflectors will be random between MinResyncPeriod and 2*MinResyncPeriod.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-monitor\-period\fP=5s
    The period for syncing NodeStatus in NodeController.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-status\-update\-frequency\fP=5m0s
    Specifies how often the controller updates nodes' status.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=10253
    The port that the cloud\-controller\-manager's http service runs on.

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=true
    Enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/.

.PP
\fB\-\-route\-reconciliation\-period\fP=10s
    The period for reconciling routes created for Nodes by cloud provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    Filename containing a PEM\-encoded private RSA or ECDSA key used to sign service account tokens.

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-service\-account\-credentials\fP=false
    If true, use individual service account credentials for each controller.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
