.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl config set\-cluster \- Sets a cluster entry in kubeconfig


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl config set\-cluster\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Sets a cluster entry in kubeconfig.
Specifying a name that already exists will merge new fields on top of existing values for those fields.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    api\-version for the cluster entry in kubeconfig

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    path to certificate\-authority for the cluster entry in kubeconfig

.PP
\fB\-\-embed\-certs\fP=false
    embed\-certs for the cluster entry in kubeconfig

.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP=false
    help for set\-cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify for the cluster entry in kubeconfig

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    server for the cluster entry in kubeconfig


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    use a particular kubeconfig file

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=false
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
// Set only the server field on the e2e cluster entry without touching other values.
$ kubectl config set\-cluster e2e \-\-server=https://1.2.3.4

// Embed certificate authority data for the e2e cluster entry
$ kubectl config set\-cluster e2e \-\-certificate\-authority=\~/.kube/e2e/kubernetes.ca.crt

// Disable cert checking for the dev cluster entry
$ kubectl config set\-cluster e2e \-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify=true

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-config(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
