.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl apply \- Apply a configuration to a resource by filename or stdin


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl apply\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Apply a configuration to a resource by filename or stdin.
The resource will be created if it doesn't exist yet.
To use 'apply', always create the resource initially with either 'apply' or 'create \-\-save\-config'.

.PP
JSON and YAML formats are accepted.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to file that contains the configuration to apply

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output mode. Use "\-o name" for shorter output (resource/name).

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
    Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    If true, process directory recursively.

.PP
\fB\-\-schema\-cache\-dir\fP="\~/.kube/schema"
    If non\-empty, load/store cached API schemas in this directory, default is '$HOME/.kube/schema'

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# Apply the configuration in pod.json to a pod.
kubectl apply \-f ./pod.json

# Apply the JSON passed into stdin to a pod.
cat pod.json | kubectl apply \-f \-

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
