.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm config upload from\-flags \- Create the in\-cluster configuration file for the first time from using flags.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm config upload from\-flags\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Using this command, you can upload configuration to the ConfigMap in the cluster using the same flags you gave to 'kubeadm init'.
If you initialized your cluster using a v1.7.x or lower kubeadm client and set certain flags, you need to run this command with the
same flags before upgrading to v1.8 using 'kubeadm upgrade'.

.PP
The configuration is located in the "kube\-system" namespace in the "kubeadm\-config" ConfigMap.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-advertise\-address\fP=""
    The IP address the API Server will advertise it's listening on. Specify '0.0.0.0' to use the address of the default network interface.

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-bind\-port\fP=6443
    Port for the API Server to bind to.

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-cert\-extra\-sans\fP=[]
    Optional extra Subject Alternative Names (SANs) to use for the API Server serving certificate. Can be both IP addresses and DNS names.

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where to save and store the certificates.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features. Options are:
CoreDNS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HighAvailability=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
SelfHosting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
StoreCertsInSecrets=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1.8"
    Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-name\fP=""
    Specify the node name.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-network\-cidr\fP=""
    Specify range of IP addresses for the pod network. If set, the control plane will automatically allocate CIDRs for every node.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cidr\fP="10.96.0.0/12"
    Use alternative range of IP address for service VIPs.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-dns\-domain\fP="cluster.local"
    Use alternative domain for services, e.g. "myorg.internal".

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    The token to use for establishing bidirectional trust between nodes and masters.

.PP
\fB\-\-token\-ttl\fP=24h0m0s
    The duration before the bootstrap token is automatically deleted. If set to '0', the token will never expire.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-config\-upload(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
