.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm reset \- Run this to revert any changes made to this host by 'kubeadm init' or 'kubeadm join'.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm reset\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Run this to revert any changes made to this host by 'kubeadm init' or 'kubeadm join'.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path to the directory where the certificates are stored. If specified, clean this directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-cri\-socket\fP="/var/run/dockershim.sock"
    The path to the CRI socket to use with crictl when cleaning up containers.

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-preflight\-errors\fP=[]
    A list of checks whose errors will be shown as warnings. Example: 'IsPrivilegedUser,Swap'. Value 'all' ignores errors from all checks.

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-preflight\-checks\fP=false
    Skip preflight checks which normally run before modifying the system.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
