.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl rolling\-update \- Perform a rolling update of the given ReplicationController.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl rolling\-update\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Perform a rolling update of the given ReplicationController.

.PP
Replaces the specified replication controller with a new replication controller by updating one pod at a time to use the
new PodTemplate. The new\-controller.json must specify the same namespace as the
existing replication controller and overwrite at least one (common) label in its replicaSelector.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Container name which will have its image upgraded. Only relevant when \-\-image is specified, ignored otherwise. Required when using \-\-image on a multi\-container pod

.PP
\fB\-\-deployment\-label\-key\fP="deployment"
    The key to use to differentiate between two different controllers, default 'deployment'.  Only relevant when \-\-image is specified, ignored otherwise

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, print out the changes that would be made, but don't actually make them.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename or URL to file to use to create the new replication controller.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP=""
    Image to use for upgrading the replication controller. Must be distinct from the existing image (either new image or new image tag).  Can not be used with \-\-filename/\-f

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-pull\-policy\fP=""
    Explicit policy for when to pull container images. Required when \-\-image is same as existing image, ignored otherwise.

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default output, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/docs/user-guide/jsonpath.md\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-poll\-interval\fP=3s
    Time delay between polling for replication controller status after the update. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-rollback\fP=false
    If true, this is a request to abort an existing rollout that is partially rolled out. It effectively reverses current and next and runs a rollout

.PP
\fB\-\-schema\-cache\-dir\fP="\~/.kube/schema"
    If non\-empty, load/store cached API schemas in this directory, default is '$HOME/.kube/schema'

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=false
    When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=5m0s
    Max time to wait for a replication controller to update before giving up. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-update\-period\fP=1m0s
    Time to wait between updating pods. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# Update pods of frontend\-v1 using new replication controller data in frontend\-v2.json.
kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 \-f frontend\-v2.json

# Update pods of frontend\-v1 using JSON data passed into stdin.
cat frontend\-v2.json | kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 \-f \-

# Update the pods of frontend\-v1 to frontend\-v2 by just changing the image, and switching the
# name of the replication controller.
kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 frontend\-v2 \-\-image=image:v2

# Update the pods of frontend by just changing the image, and keeping the old name.
kubectl rolling\-update frontend \-\-image=image:v2

# Abort and reverse an existing rollout in progress (from frontend\-v1 to frontend\-v2).
kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 frontend\-v2 \-\-rollback


.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
