.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kube\-controller\-manager \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkube\-controller\-manager\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Kubernetes controller manager is a daemon that embeds
the core control loops shipped with Kubernetes. In applications of robotics and
automation, a control loop is a non\-terminating loop that regulates the state of
the system. In Kubernetes, a controller is a control loop that watches the shared
state of the cluster through the apiserver and makes changes attempting to move the
current state towards the desired state. Examples of controllers that ship with
Kubernetes today are the replication controller, endpoints controller, namespace
controller, and serviceaccounts controller.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-allocate\-node\-cidrs\fP=false
    Should CIDRs for Pods be allocated and set on the cloud provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-attach\-detach\-reconcile\-sync\-period\fP=1m0s
    The reconciler sync wait time between volume attach detach. This duration must be larger than one second, and increasing this value from the default may allow for volumes to be mismatched with pods.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-config\fP=""
    The path to the cloud provider configuration file.  Empty string for no configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\fP=""
    The provider for cloud services.  Empty string for no provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-cidr\fP=""
    CIDR Range for Pods in cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-name\fP="kubernetes"
    The instance prefix for the cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-signing\-cert\-file\fP="/etc/kubernetes/ca/ca.pem"
    Filename containing a PEM\-encoded X509 CA certificate used to issue cluster\-scoped certificates

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-signing\-key\-file\fP="/etc/kubernetes/ca/ca.key"
    Filename containing a PEM\-encoded RSA or ECDSA private key used to sign cluster\-scoped certificates

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-deployment\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of deployment objects that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive deployments, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-endpoint\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of endpoint syncing operations that will be done concurrently. Larger number = faster endpoint updating, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-gc\-syncs\fP=20
    The number of garbage collector workers that are allowed to sync concurrently.

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-namespace\-syncs\fP=2
    The number of namespace objects that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive namespace termination, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-replicaset\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of replica sets that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive replica management, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-resource\-quota\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of resource quotas that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive quota management, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-service\-syncs\fP=1
    The number of services that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive service management, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-serviceaccount\-token\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of service account token objects that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive token generation, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\_rc\_syncs\fP=5
    The number of replication controllers that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive replica management, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-configure\-cloud\-routes\fP=true
    Should CIDRs allocated by allocate\-node\-cidrs be configured on the cloud provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-controller\-start\-interval\fP=0s
    Interval between starting controller managers.

.PP
\fB\-\-controllers\fP=[\fI]
    A list of controllers to enable.  '\fP' enables all on\-by\-default controllers, 'foo' enables the controller named 'foo', '\-foo' disables the controller named 'foo'.
All controllers: bootstrapsigner, certificatesigningrequests, cronjob, daemonset, deployment, disruption, endpoint, garbagecollector, horizontalpodautoscaling, job, namespace, podgc, replicaset, replicationcontroller, resourcequota, serviceaccount, statefuleset, tokencleaner, ttl
Disabled\-by\-default controllers: bootstrapsigner, tokencleaner

.PP
\fB\-\-daemonset\-lookup\-cache\-size\fP=1024
    The the size of lookup cache for daemonsets. Larger number = more responsive daemonsets, but more MEM load.

.PP
\fB\-\-deleting\-pods\-burst\fP=0
    Number of nodes on which pods are bursty deleted in case of node failure. For more details look into RateLimiter.

.PP
\fB\-\-deleting\-pods\-qps\fP=0.1
    Number of nodes per second on which pods are deleted in case of node failure.

.PP
\fB\-\-deployment\-controller\-sync\-period\fP=30s
    Period for syncing the deployments.

.PP
\fB\-\-disable\-attach\-detach\-reconcile\-sync\fP=false
    Disable volume attach detach reconciler sync. Disabling this may cause volumes to be mismatched with pods. Use wisely.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-dynamic\-provisioning\fP=true
    Enable dynamic provisioning for environments that support it.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-garbage\-collector\fP=true
    Enables the generic garbage collector. MUST be synced with the corresponding flag of the kube\-apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-hostpath\-provisioner\fP=false
    Enable HostPath PV provisioning when running without a cloud provider. This allows testing and development of provisioning features.  HostPath provisioning is not supported in any way, won't work in a multi\-node cluster, and should not be used for anything other than testing or development.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-taint\-manager\fP=true
    WARNING: Beta feature. If set to true enables NoExecute Taints and will evict all not\-tolerating Pod running on Nodes tainted with this kind of Taints.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
AffinityInAnnotations=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllowExtTrafficLocalEndpoints=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicVolumeProvisioning=true|false (ALPHA \- default=true)
ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)

.PP
\fB\-\-flex\-volume\-plugin\-dir\fP="/usr/libexec/kubernetes/kubelet\-plugins/volume/exec/"
    Full path of the directory in which the flex volume plugin should search for additional third party volume plugins.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-horizontal\-pod\-autoscaler\-sync\-period\fP=30s
    The period for syncing the number of pods in horizontal pod autoscaler.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-experimental\-approve\-all\-kubelet\-csrs\-for\-group\fP=""
    The group for which the controller\-manager will auto approve all CSRs for kubelet client certificates.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=30
    Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    Content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=20
    QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB\-\-large\-cluster\-size\-threshold\fP=50
    Number of nodes from which NodeController treats the cluster as large for the eviction logic purposes. \-\-secondary\-node\-eviction\-rate is implicitly overridden to 0 for clusters this size or smaller.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\fP=true
    Start a leader election client and gain leadership before executing the main loop. Enable this when running replicated components for high availability.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-lease\-duration\fP=15s
    The duration that non\-leader candidates will wait after observing a leadership renewal until attempting to acquire leadership of a led but unrenewed leader slot. This is effectively the maximum duration that a leader can be stopped before it is replaced by another candidate. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-renew\-deadline\fP=10s
    The interval between attempts by the acting master to renew a leadership slot before it stops leading. This must be less than or equal to the lease duration. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-retry\-period\fP=2s
    The duration the clients should wait between attempting acquisition and renewal of a leadership. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
    The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)

.PP
\fB\-\-min\-resync\-period\fP=12h0m0s
    The resync period in reflectors will be random between MinResyncPeriod and 2*MinResyncPeriod

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\-sync\-period\fP=5m0s
    The period for syncing namespace life\-cycle updates

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-cidr\-mask\-size\fP=24
    Mask size for node cidr in cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-eviction\-rate\fP=0.1
    Number of nodes per second on which pods are deleted in case of node failure when a zone is healthy (see \-\-unhealthy\-zone\-threshold for definition of healthy/unhealthy). Zone refers to entire cluster in non\-multizone clusters.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-monitor\-grace\-period\fP=40s
    Amount of time which we allow running Node to be unresponsive before marking it unhealthy. Must be N times more than kubelet's nodeStatusUpdateFrequency, where N means number of retries allowed for kubelet to post node status.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-monitor\-period\fP=5s
    The period for syncing NodeStatus in NodeController.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-startup\-grace\-period\fP=1m0s
    Amount of time which we allow starting Node to be unresponsive before marking it unhealthy.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-sync\-period\fP=0s
    This flag is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. See node\-monitor\-period for Node health checking or route\-reconciliation\-period for cloud provider's route configuration settings.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-eviction\-timeout\fP=5m0s
    The grace period for deleting pods on failed nodes.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=10252
    The port that the controller\-manager's http service runs on

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=true
    Enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-increment\-timeout\-nfs\fP=30
    the increment of time added per Gi to ActiveDeadlineSeconds for an NFS scrubber pod

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-minimum\-timeout\-hostpath\fP=60
    The minimum ActiveDeadlineSeconds to use for a HostPath Recycler pod.  This is for development and testing only and will not work in a multi\-node cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-minimum\-timeout\-nfs\fP=300
    The minimum ActiveDeadlineSeconds to use for an NFS Recycler pod

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-pod\-template\-filepath\-hostpath\fP=""
    The file path to a pod definition used as a template for HostPath persistent volume recycling. This is for development and testing only and will not work in a multi\-node cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-pod\-template\-filepath\-nfs\fP=""
    The file path to a pod definition used as a template for NFS persistent volume recycling

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-timeout\-increment\-hostpath\fP=30
    the increment of time added per Gi to ActiveDeadlineSeconds for a HostPath scrubber pod.  This is for development and testing only and will not work in a multi\-node cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-pvclaimbinder\-sync\-period\fP=15s
    The period for syncing persistent volumes and persistent volume claims

.PP
\fB\-\-register\-retry\-count\fP=10
    The number of retries for initial node registration.  Retry interval equals node\-sync\-period.

.PP
\fB\-\-replicaset\-lookup\-cache\-size\fP=4096
    The the size of lookup cache for replicatsets. Larger number = more responsive replica management, but more MEM load.

.PP
\fB\-\-replication\-controller\-lookup\-cache\-size\fP=4096
    The the size of lookup cache for replication controllers. Larger number = more responsive replica management, but more MEM load.

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-quota\-sync\-period\fP=5m0s
    The period for syncing quota usage status in the system

.PP
\fB\-\-root\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, this root certificate authority will be included in service account's token secret. This must be a valid PEM\-encoded CA bundle.

.PP
\fB\-\-route\-reconciliation\-period\fP=10s
    The period for reconciling routes created for Nodes by cloud provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-secondary\-node\-eviction\-rate\fP=0.01
    Number of nodes per second on which pods are deleted in case of node failure when a zone is unhealthy (see \-\-unhealthy\-zone\-threshold for definition of healthy/unhealthy). Zone refers to entire cluster in non\-multizone clusters. This value is implicitly overridden to 0 if the cluster size is smaller than \-\-large\-cluster\-size\-threshold.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    Filename containing a PEM\-encoded private RSA or ECDSA key used to sign service account tokens.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cluster\-ip\-range\fP=""
    CIDR Range for Services in cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-sync\-period\fP=5m0s
    The period for syncing services with their external load balancers

.PP
\fB\-\-terminated\-pod\-gc\-threshold\fP=12500
    Number of terminated pods that can exist before the terminated pod garbage collector starts deleting terminated pods. If <= 0, the terminated pod garbage collector is disabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-zone\-threshold\fP=0.55
    Fraction of Nodes in a zone which needs to be not Ready (minimum 3) for zone to be treated as unhealthy.

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-service\-account\-credentials\fP=false
    If true, use individual service account credentials for each controller.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
