.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm config \- Manage configuration for a kubeadm cluster persisted in a ConfigMap in the cluster.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm config\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
There is a ConfigMap in the kube\-system namespace called "kubeadm\-config" that kubeadm uses to store internal configuration about the
cluster. kubeadm CLI v1.8.0+ automatically creates this ConfigMap with the config used with 'kubeadm init', but if you
initialized your cluster using kubeadm v1.7.x or lower, you must use the 'config upload' command to create this
ConfigMap. This is required so that 'kubeadm upgrade' can configure your upgraded cluster correctly.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm(1)\fP, \fBkubeadm\-config\-upload(1)\fP, \fBkubeadm\-config\-view(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
