.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha phase certs all \- Generates all PKI assets necessary to establish the control plane


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha phase certs all\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Generates a self\-signed CA to provision identities for each component in the cluster (including nodes) and client certificates to be used by various components.

.PP
If a given certificate and private key pair both exist, kubeadm skips the generation step and
existing files will be used.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-advertise\-address\fP=""
    The IP address the API server is accessible on, to use for the API server serving cert

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-cert\-extra\-sans\fP=[]
    Optional extra altnames to use for the API server serving cert. Can be both IP addresses and dns names

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where to save the certificates

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to kubeadm config file (WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental)

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cidr\fP="10.96.0.0/12"
    Alternative range of IP address for service VIPs, from which derives the internal API server VIP that will be added to the API Server serving cert

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-dns\-domain\fP="cluster.local"
    Alternative domain for services, to use for the API server serving cert


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Creates all PKI assets necessary to establish the control plane,
  # functionally equivalent to what generated by kubeadm init.
  kubeadm alpha phase certs all
  
  # Creates all PKI assets using options read from a configuration file.
  kubeadm alpha phase certs all \-\-config masterconfiguration.yaml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-phase\-certs(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
