.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha phase kubeconfig user \- Outputs a kubeconfig file for an additional user.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha phase kubeconfig user\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Outputs a kubeconfig file for an additional user.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-advertise\-address\fP=""
    The IP address or DNS name the API Server is accessible on.

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-bind\-port\fP=6443
    The port the API Server is accessible on.

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where certificates are stored.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-name\fP=""
    The name of the KubeConfig user that will be created. Will also be used as the CN if client certs are created.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes"
    The path where to save and store the kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    The token that should be used as the authentication mechanism for this kubeconfig.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-phase\-kubeconfig(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
