.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl cluster\-info dump \- Dump lots of relevant info for debugging and diagnosis.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl cluster\-info dump\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Dumps cluster info out suitable for debugging and diagnosing cluster problems.  By default, dumps everything to
stdout. You can optionally specify a directory with \-\-output\-directory.  If you specify a directory, kubernetes will
build a set of files in that directory.  By default only dumps things in the 'kube\-system' namespace, but you can
switch to a different namespace with the \-\-namespaces flag, or specify \-\-all\-namespaces to dump all namespaces.

.PP
The command also dumps the logs of all of the pods in the cluster, these logs are dumped into different directories
based on namespace and pod name.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
    If true, dump all namespaces.  If true, \-\-namespaces is ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-namespaces\fP=[]
    A comma separated list of namespaces to dump.

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-directory\fP=""
    Where to output the files.  If empty or '\-' uses stdout, otherwise creates a directory hierarchy in that directory


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# Dump current cluster state to stdout
kubectl cluster\-info dump
  
# Dump current cluster state to /path/to/cluster\-state
kubectl cluster\-info dump \-\-output\-directory=/path/to/cluster\-state
  
# Dump all namespaces to stdout
kubectl cluster\-info dump \-\-all\-namespaces
  
# Dump a set of namespaces to /path/to/cluster\-state
kubectl cluster\-info dump \-\-namespaces default,kube\-system \-\-output\-directory=/path/to/cluster\-state

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-cluster\-info(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
