.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm init \- Run this command in order to set up the Kubernetes master.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm init\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Run this command in order to set up the Kubernetes master.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-advertise\-address\fP=""
    The IP address the API Server will advertise it's listening on. Specify '0.0.0.0' to use the address of the default network interface.

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-bind\-port\fP=6443
    Port for the API Server to bind to.

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-cert\-extra\-sans\fP=[]
    Optional extra Subject Alternative Names (SANs) to use for the API Server serving certificate. Can be both IP addresses and DNS names.

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where to save and store the certificates.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental.

.PP
\fB\-\-cri\-socket\fP="/var/run/dockershim.sock"
    Specify the CRI socket to connect to.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Don't apply any changes; just output what would be done.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features. Options are:
CoreDNS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HighAvailability=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
SelfHosting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
StoreCertsInSecrets=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-preflight\-errors\fP=[]
    A list of checks whose errors will be shown as warnings. Example: 'IsPrivilegedUser,Swap'. Value 'all' ignores errors from all checks.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-version\fP="stable\-1.8"
    Choose a specific Kubernetes version for the control plane.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-name\fP=""
    Specify the node name.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-network\-cidr\fP=""
    Specify range of IP addresses for the pod network. If set, the control plane will automatically allocate CIDRs for every node.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cidr\fP="10.96.0.0/12"
    Use alternative range of IP address for service VIPs.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-dns\-domain\fP="cluster.local"
    Use alternative domain for services, e.g. "myorg.internal".

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-preflight\-checks\fP=false
    Skip preflight checks which normally run before modifying the system.

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-token\-print\fP=false
    Skip printing of the default bootstrap token generated by 'kubeadm init'.

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    The token to use for establishing bidirectional trust between nodes and masters.

.PP
\fB\-\-token\-ttl\fP=24h0m0s
    The duration before the bootstrap token is automatically deleted. If set to '0', the token will never expire.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
