.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm token \- Manage bootstrap tokens.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm token\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command manages bootstrap tokens. It is optional and needed only for advanced use cases.

.PP
In short, bootstrap tokens are used for establishing bidirectional trust between a client and a server.
A bootstrap token can be used when a client (for example a node that is about to join the cluster) needs
to trust the server it is talking to. Then a bootstrap token with the "signing" usage can be used.
bootstrap tokens can also function as a way to allow short\-lived authentication to the API Server
(the token serves as a way for the API Server to trust the client), for example for doing the TLS Bootstrap.

.PP
What is a bootstrap token more exactly?
 \- It is a Secret in the kube\-system namespace of type "bootstrap.kubernetes.io/token".
 \- A bootstrap token must be of the form "[a\-z0\-9]{6}.[a\-z0\-9]{16}". The former part is the public token ID,
   while the latter is the Token Secret and it must be kept private at all circumstances!
 \- The name of the Secret must be named "bootstrap\-token\-(token\-id)".

.PP
You can read more about bootstrap tokens here:
  
\[la]https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/bootstrap-tokens/\[ra]


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Whether to enable dry\-run mode or not

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm(1)\fP, \fBkubeadm\-token\-create(1)\fP, \fBkubeadm\-token\-delete(1)\fP, \fBkubeadm\-token\-generate(1)\fP, \fBkubeadm\-token\-list(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
