.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl set env \- Update environment variables on a pod template


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl set env\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update environment variables on a pod template.

.PP
List environment variable definitions in one or more pods, pod templates. Add, update, or remove container environment variable definitions in one or more pod templates (within replication controllers or deployment configurations). View or modify the environment variable definitions on all containers in the specified pods or pod templates, or just those that match a wildcard.

.PP
If "\-\-env \-" is passed, environment variables can be read from STDIN using the standard env syntax.

.PP
Possible resources include (case insensitive):

.PP
pod (po), replicationcontroller (rc), deployment (deploy), daemonset (ds), job, replicaset (rs)


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    If true, select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-containers\fP="*"
    The names of containers in the selected pod templates to change \- may use wildcards

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-e\fP, \fB\-\-env\fP=[]
    Specify a key\-value pair for an environment variable to set into each container.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files the resource to update the env

.PP
\fB\-\-from\fP=""
    The name of a resource from which to inject environment variables

.PP
\fB\-\-list\fP=false
    If true, display the environment and any changes in the standard format. this flag will removed when we have kubectl view env.

.PP
\fB\-\-local\fP=false
    If true, set env will NOT contact api\-server but run locally.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers (default print headers).

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: To use a specific API version, fully\-qualify the resource, version, and group (for example: 'jobs.v1.batch/myjob').

.PP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fP=true
    If true, allow environment to be overwritten, otherwise reject updates that overwrite existing environment.

.PP
\fB\-\-prefix\fP=""
    Prefix to append to variable names

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-resolve\fP=false
    If true, show secret or configmap references when listing variables

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=false
    When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\-metrics\-count\-limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-as\-group\fP=[]
    Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be repeated to specify multiple groups.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\-id\-file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cache\-dir\fP="/home/username/.kube/http\-cache"
    Default HTTP cache directory

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\-gce\-lb\-src\-cidrs\fP=130.211.0.0/22,35.191.0.0/16,209.85.152.0/22,209.85.204.0/22
    CIDRs opened in GCE firewall for LB traffic proxy \& health checks

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-containerd\fP="unix:///var/run/containerd.sock"
    containerd endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-env\-metadata\-whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\fP=false
    use TLS to connect to docker

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-ca\fP="ca.pem"
    path to trusted CA

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-cert\fP="cert.pem"
    path to client certificate

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-tls\-key\fP="key.pem"
    path to private key

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-load\-reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-age\-limit\fP="default=0"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-event\-limit\fP="default=0"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=1m0s
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=10s
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api/proxy"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-cadvisor\-usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-loglevel\fP=1
    Log level (0 = DEBUG, 5 = FATAL)

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\-id\-file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-buffer\-duration\fP=1m0s
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Update deployment 'registry' with a new environment variable
  kubectl set env deployment/registry STORAGE\_DIR=/local
  
  # List the environment variables defined on a deployments 'sample\-build'
  kubectl set env deployment/sample\-build \-\-list
  
  # List the environment variables defined on all pods
  kubectl set env pods \-\-all \-\-list
  
  # Output modified deployment in YAML, and does not alter the object on the server
  kubectl set env deployment/sample\-build STORAGE\_DIR=/data \-o yaml
  
  # Update all containers in all replication controllers in the project to have ENV=prod
  kubectl set env rc \-\-all ENV=prod
  
  # Import environment from a secret
  kubectl set env \-\-from=secret/mysecret deployment/myapp
  
  # Import environment from a config map with a prefix
  kubectl set env \-\-from=configmap/myconfigmap \-\-prefix=MYSQL\_ deployment/myapp
  
  # Remove the environment variable ENV from container 'c1' in all deployment configs
  kubectl set env deployments \-\-all \-\-containers="c1" ENV\-
  
  # Remove the environment variable ENV from a deployment definition on disk and
  # update the deployment config on the server
  kubectl set env \-f deploy.json ENV\-
  
  # Set some of the local shell environment into a deployment config on the server
  env | grep RAILS\_ | kubectl set env \-e \- deployment/registry

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl\-set(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
