.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm completion \- Output shell completion code for the specified shell (bash or zsh).


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm completion\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Output shell completion code for the specified shell (bash or zsh).
The shell code must be evalutated to provide interactive
completion of kubeadm commands. This can be done by sourcing it from
the .bash\_profile.

.PP
Note: this requires the bash\-completion framework, which is not installed
by default on Mac. This can be installed by using homebrew:

.PP
.RS

.nf
$ brew install bash\-completion

.fi
.RE

.PP
Once installed, bash\_completion must be evaluated. This can be done by adding the
following line to the .bash\_profile

.PP
.RS

.nf
$ source $(brew \-\-prefix)/etc/bash\_completion

.fi
.RE

.PP
Note for zsh users: [1] zsh completions are only supported in versions of zsh >= 5.2


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf

# Install bash completion on a Mac using homebrew
brew install bash\-completion
printf "\\n# Bash completion support\\nsource $(brew \-\-prefix)/etc/bash\_completion\\n" >> $HOME/.bash\_profile
source $HOME/.bash\_profile

# Load the kubeadm completion code for bash into the current shell
source <(kubeadm completion bash)

# Write bash completion code to a file and source if from .bash\_profile
kubeadm completion bash > \~/.kube/kubeadm\_completion.bash.inc
printf "\\n# Kubeadm shell completion\\nsource '$HOME/.kube/kubeadm\_completion.bash.inc'\\n" >> $HOME/.bash\_profile
source $HOME/.bash\_profile

# Load the kubeadm completion code for zsh[1] into the current shell
source <(kubeadm completion zsh)

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
