.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl describe \- Show details of a specific resource or group of resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl describe\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Show details of a specific resource or group of resources.

.PP
This command joins many API calls together to form a detailed description of a
given resource or group of resources.

.PP
$ kubectl describe TYPE NAME\_PREFIX

.PP
will first check for an exact match on TYPE and NAME\_PREFIX. If no such resource
exists, it will output details for every resource that has a name prefixed with NAME\_PREFIX

.PP
Possible resource types include (case insensitive): pods (po), services (svc),
replicationcontrollers (rc), nodes (no), events (ev), limitranges (limits),
persistentvolumes (pv), persistentvolumeclaims (pvc), resourcequotas (quota),
namespaces (ns), serviceaccounts or secrets.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to a file containing the resource to describe

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# Describe a node
$ kubectl describe nodes kubernetes\-minion\-emt8.c.myproject.internal

# Describe a pod
$ kubectl describe pods/nginx

# Describe a pod identified by type and name in "pod.json"
$ kubectl describe \-f pod.json

# Describe all pods
$ kubectl describe pods

# Describe pods by label name=myLabel
$ kubectl describe po \-l name=myLabel

# Describe all pods managed by the 'frontend' replication controller (rc\-created pods
# get the name of the rc as a prefix in the pod the name).
$ kubectl describe pods frontend

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
