.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha phase upload\-config \- Uploads the currently used configuration for kubeadm to a ConfigMap


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha phase upload\-config\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Uploads the kubeadm init configuration of your cluster to a ConfigMap called kubeadm\-config in the kube\-system namespace. This enables correct configuration of system components and a seamless user experience when upgrading.

.PP
Alternatively, you can use kubeadm config.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental!

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # uploads the configuration of your cluster
  kubeadm alpha phase upload\-config \-\-config=myConfig.yaml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-phase(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
