.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm token generate \- Generate and print a bootstrap token, but do not create it on the server.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm token generate\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command will print out a randomly\-generated bootstrap token that can be used with
the "init" and "join" commands.

.PP
You don't have to use this command in order to generate a token. You can do so
yourself as long as it is in the format "[a\-z0\-9]{6}.[a\-z0\-9]{16}". This
command is provided for convenience to generate tokens in the given format.

.PP
You can also use "kubeadm init" without specifying a token and it will
generate and print one for you.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Whether to enable dry\-run mode or not

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-token(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
