.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl cluster\-info \- Display cluster info


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl cluster\-info\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Display addresses of the master and services with label kubernetes.io/cluster\-service=true To further debug and diagnose cluster problems, use 'kubectl cluster\-info dump'.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-application\-metrics\-count\-limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\-id\-file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-env\-metadata\-whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-load\-reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-age\-limit\fP="default=0"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-event\-limit\fP="default=0"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=1m0s
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=10s
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api/proxy"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-cadvisor\-usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-loglevel\fP=1
    Log level (0 = DEBUG, 5 = FATAL)

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\-id\-file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-buffer\-duration\fP=1m0s
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Print the address of the master and cluster services
  kubectl cluster\-info

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP, \fBkubectl\-cluster\-info\-dump(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
