.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl new \- Create a new object of the given type by filling in a template


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl new\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create a new object of the given type using a template.

.PP
The new command pulls down an example for the given object type, allows
you to edit the filled in example, and then submits it for creation.  The
editing functionality functions similarly to the 'edit' command \-\- you
can control the editor used, as well as the format and version, using
the same flags and environment variables.

.PP
By default, before submission your new object will be validated.  If an
invalid object is encountered, you will be returned to the editor with the
invalid part indicated with comments.  Use the '\-\-validate=false' in order
to skip local validation.

.PP
You can specify namespace, name, and labels (in 'key1=value1,key2=value2' form)
from the command line using the '\-\-namespace', '\-\-name', and '\-\-labels' flags.

.PP
You can use the '\-\-dry\-run' flag to just output the example to standard out
without launching an editor or submitting the object for creation.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the example object, without editing or creating it.

.PP
\fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    A comma\-separated list of labels in key=value form to apply to the created object

.PP
\fB\-\-name\fP=""
    The name of the new object

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP="yaml"
    Output format. One of: 'yaml' or 'json'.

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given version (default api\-version).

.PP
\fB\-\-schema\-cache\-dir\fP="\~/.kube/schema"
    If non\-empty, load/store cached API schemas in this directory, default is '$HOME/.kube/schema'

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# Create a new pod named 'website':
  $ kubectl new pod \-\-name website \-\-labels end=front,app=site

  # Don't validate the object before creation
  $ kubectl new namespace \-\-validate=false \-\-name my\-ns

  # Don't edit or create a new object \-\- just output the example
  $ kubectl new namespace \-\-name my\-ns \-\-dry\-run

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
