.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm alpha phase selfhosting convert\-from\-staticpods \- Converts a static Pod\-hosted control plane into a self\-hosted one


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm alpha phase selfhosting convert\-from\-staticpods\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Converts static Pod files for control plane components into self\-hosted DaemonSets configured via the Kubernetes API.

.PP
See the documentation for self\-hosting limitations.

.PP
Alpha Disclaimer: this command is currently alpha.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/etc/kubernetes/pki"
    The path where certificates are stored

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental!

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features. Options are:
CoreDNS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HighAvailability=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
SelfHosting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
StoreCertsInSecrets=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Converts a static Pod\-hosted control plane into a self\-hosted one,
  # functionally equivalent to what generated by kubeadm init executed
  # with \-\-feature\-gates=SelfHosting=true.
  
  kubeadm alpha phase selfhosting convert\-from\-staticpods

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-alpha\-phase\-selfhosting(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
