.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm upgrade apply \- Upgrade your Kubernetes cluster to the specified version.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm upgrade apply\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Upgrade your Kubernetes cluster to the specified version.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Do not change any state, just output what actions would be performed.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-upgrade\fP=false
    Perform the upgrade of etcd.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-force\fP=false
    Force upgrading although some requirements might not be met. This also implies non\-interactive mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-pull\-timeout\fP=15m0s
    The maximum amount of time to wait for the control plane pods to be downloaded.

.PP
\fB\-y\fP, \fB\-\-yes\fP=false
    Perform the upgrade and do not prompt for confirmation (non\-interactive mode).


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-experimental\-upgrades\fP=false
    Show unstable versions of Kubernetes as an upgrade alternative and allow upgrading to an alpha/beta/release candidate versions of Kubernetes.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-release\-candidate\-upgrades\fP=false
    Show release candidate versions of Kubernetes as an upgrade alternative and allow upgrading to a release candidate versions of Kubernetes.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental!

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=""
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for various features.Options are:
CoreDNS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
HighAvailability=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
SelfHosting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
StoreCertsInSecrets=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-preflight\-errors\fP=[]
    A list of checks whose errors will be shown as warnings. Example: 'IsPrivilegedUser,Swap'. Value 'all' ignores errors from all checks.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-print\-config\fP=false
    Specifies whether the configuration file that will be used in the upgrade should be printed or not.

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-preflight\-checks\fP=false
    Skip preflight checks that normally run before modifying the system.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-upgrade(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
