.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm token create \- Create bootstrap tokens on the server.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm token create\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command will create a bootstrap token for you.
You can specify the usages for this token, the "time to live" and an optional human friendly description.

.PP
The [token] is the actual token to write.
This should be a securely generated random token of the form "[a\-z0\-9]{6}.[a\-z0\-9]{16}".
If no [token] is given, kubeadm will generate a random token instead.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-description\fP=""
    A human friendly description of how this token is used.

.PP
\fB\-\-groups\fP=[system:bootstrappers:kubeadm:default\-node\-token]
    Extra groups that this token will authenticate as when used for authentication. Must match "system:bootstrappers:[a\-z0\-9:\-]{0,255}[a\-z0\-9]".

.PP
\fB\-\-print\-join\-command\fP=false
    Instead of printing only the token, print the full 'kubeadm join' flag needed to join the cluster using the token.

.PP
\fB\-\-ttl\fP=24h0m0s
    The duration before the token is automatically deleted (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). If set to '0', the token will never expire.

.PP
\fB\-\-usages\fP=[signing,authentication]
    Describes the ways in which this token can be used. You can pass \-\-usages multiple times or provide a comma separated list of options. Valid options: [signing,authentication].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    Whether to enable dry\-run mode or not

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-token(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
