.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl rollingupdate \- Perform a rolling update of the given ReplicationController.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl rollingupdate\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Perform a rolling update of the given ReplicationController.

.PP
Replaces the specified controller with new controller, updating one pod at a time to use the
new PodTemplate. The new\-controller.json must specify the same namespace as the
existing controller and overwrite at least one (common) label in its replicaSelector.

.PP
Examples:

.PP
.RS

.nf
$ kubectl rollingupdate frontend\-v1 \-f frontend\-v2.json
// Update pods of frontend\-v1 using new controller data in frontend\-v2.json.

$ cat frontend\-v2.json | kubectl rollingupdate frontend\-v1 \-f \-
// Update pods of frontend\-v1 using JSON data passed into stdin.

.fi
.RE


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=""
    Filename or URL to file to use to create the new controller.

.PP
\fB\-\-poll\-interval\fP="3s"
    Time delay between polling controller status after update. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP="5m0s"
    Max time to wait for a controller to update before giving up. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-update\-period\fP="1m0s"
    Time to wait between updating pods. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
