.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubeadm config upload from\-file \- Upload a configuration file to the in\-cluster ConfigMap for kubeadm configuration.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubeadm config upload from\-file\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Using this command, you can upload configuration to the ConfigMap in the cluster using the same config file you gave to 'kubeadm init'.
If you initialized your cluster using a v1.7.x or lower kubeadm client and used the \-\-config option, you need to run this command with the
same config file before upgrading to v1.8 using 'kubeadm upgrade'.

.PP
The configuration is located in the "kube\-system" namespace in the "kubeadm\-config" ConfigMap.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to a kubeadm config file. WARNING: Usage of a configuration file is experimental.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf"
    The KubeConfig file to use when talking to the cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubeadm\-config\-upload(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
