.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl run\-container \- Run a particular image on the cluster.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl run\-container\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create and run a particular image, possibly replicated.
Creates a replication controller to manage the created container(s).

.PP
Examples:

.PP
.RS

.nf
$ kubectl run\-container nginx \-\-image=dockerfile/nginx
// Starts a single instance of nginx.

$ kubectl run\-container nginx \-\-image=dockerfile/nginx \-\-replicas=5
// Starts a replicated instance of nginx.

$ kubectl run\-container nginx \-\-image=dockerfile/nginx \-\-dry\-run
// Dry run. Print the corresponding API objects without creating them.

$ kubectl run\-container nginx \-\-image=dockerfile/nginx \-\-overrides='\{ "apiVersion": "v1beta1", "desiredState": \{ ... \} \}'
// Start a single instance of nginx, but overload the desired state with a partial set of values parsed from JSON

.fi
.RE


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-\-generator\fP="run\-container/v1"
    The name of the API generator to use.  Default is 'run\-container\-controller/v1'.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP=""
    The image for the container to run.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    Labels to apply to the pod(s) created by this call to run\-container.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default output, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|template|templatefile.

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given version (default api\-version).

.PP
\fB\-\-overrides\fP=""
    An inline JSON override for the generated object. If this is non\-empty, it is used to override the generated object. Requires that the object supply a valid apiVersion field.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=\-1
    The port that this container exposes.

.PP
\fB\-r\fP, \fB\-\-replicas\fP=1
    Number of replicas to create for this container. Default is 1.

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=template or \-o=templatefile.


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
