.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kube\-apiserver \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkube\-apiserver\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Kubernetes API server validates and configures data
for the api objects which include pods, services, replicationcontrollers, and
others. The API Server services REST operations and provides the frontend to the
cluster's shared state through which all other components interact.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    DEPRECATED: see \-\-insecure\-bind\-address instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-admission\-control\fP="AlwaysAdmit"
    Ordered list of plug\-ins to do admission control of resources into cluster. Comma\-delimited list of: AlwaysAdmit, AlwaysDeny, AlwaysPullImages, DefaultStorageClass, DenyEscalatingExec, DenyExecOnPrivileged, ImagePolicyWebhook, InitialResources, LimitPodHardAntiAffinityTopology, LimitRanger, NamespaceAutoProvision, NamespaceExists, NamespaceLifecycle, OwnerReferencesPermissionEnforcement, PersistentVolumeLabel, PodNodeSelector, PodSecurityPolicy, ResourceQuota, SecurityContextDeny, ServiceAccount.

.PP
\fB\-\-admission\-control\-config\-file\fP=""
    File with admission control configuration.

.PP
\fB\-\-advertise\-address\fP=<nil>
    The IP address on which to advertise the apiserver to members of the cluster. This address must be reachable by the rest of the cluster. If blank, the \-\-bind\-address will be used. If \-\-bind\-address is unspecified, the host's default interface will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-privileged\fP=false
    If true, allow privileged containers.

.PP
\fB\-\-anonymous\-auth\fP=true
    Enables anonymous requests to the secure port of the API server. Requests that are not rejected by another authentication method are treated as anonymous requests. Anonymous requests have a username of system:anonymous, and a group name of system:unauthenticated.

.PP
\fB\-\-apiserver\-count\fP=1
    The number of apiservers running in the cluster, must be a positive number.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-maxage\fP=0
    The maximum number of days to retain old audit log files based on the timestamp encoded in their filename.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-maxbackup\fP=0
    The maximum number of old audit log files to retain.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-maxsize\fP=0
    The maximum size in megabytes of the audit log file before it gets rotated. Defaults to 100MB.

.PP
\fB\-\-audit\-log\-path\fP=""
    If set, all requests coming to the apiserver will be logged to this file.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-token\-webhook\-cache\-ttl\fP=2m0s
    The duration to cache responses from the webhook token authenticator. Default is 2m.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-token\-webhook\-config\-file\fP=""
    File with webhook configuration for token authentication in kubeconfig format. The API server will query the remote service to determine authentication for bearer tokens.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-mode\fP="AlwaysAllow"
    Ordered list of plug\-ins to do authorization on secure port. Comma\-delimited list of: AlwaysAllow,AlwaysDeny,ABAC,Webhook,RBAC.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-policy\-file\fP=""
    File with authorization policy in csv format, used with \-\-authorization\-mode=ABAC, on the secure port.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-rbac\-super\-user\fP=""
    If specified, a username which avoids RBAC authorization checks and role binding privilege escalation checks, to be used with \-\-authorization\-mode=RBAC.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-authorized\-ttl\fP=5m0s
    The duration to cache 'authorized' responses from the webhook authorizer. Default is 5m.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-unauthorized\-ttl\fP=30s
    The duration to cache 'unauthorized' responses from the webhook authorizer. Default is 30s.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-config\-file\fP=""
    File with webhook configuration in kubeconfig format, used with \-\-authorization\-mode=Webhook. The API server will query the remote service to determine access on the API server's secure port.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-basic\-auth\-file\fP=""
    If set, the file that will be used to admit requests to the secure port of the API server via http basic authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-bind\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address on which to listen for the \-\-secure\-port port. The associated interface(s) must be reachable by the rest of the cluster, and by CLI/web clients. If blank, all interfaces will be used (0.0.0.0).

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/var/run/kubernetes"
    The directory where the TLS certs are located (by default /var/run/kubernetes). If \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are provided, this flag will be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, any request presenting a client certificate signed by one of the authorities in the client\-ca\-file is authenticated with an identity corresponding to the CommonName of the client certificate.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-config\fP=""
    The path to the cloud provider configuration file. Empty string for no configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\fP=""
    The provider for cloud services. Empty string for no provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-contention\-profiling\fP=false
    Enable contention profiling. Requires \-\-profiling to be set to work.

.PP
\fB\-\-cors\-allowed\-origins\fP=[]
    List of allowed origins for CORS, comma separated.  An allowed origin can be a regular expression to support subdomain matching. If this list is empty CORS will not be enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-delete\-collection\-workers\fP=1
    Number of workers spawned for DeleteCollection call. These are used to speed up namespace cleanup.

.PP
\fB\-\-deserialization\-cache\-size\fP=0
    Number of deserialized json objects to cache in memory.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-garbage\-collector\fP=true
    Enables the generic garbage collector. MUST be synced with the corresponding flag of the kube\-controller\-manager.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-swagger\-ui\fP=false
    Enables swagger ui on the apiserver at /swagger\-ui

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-cafile\fP=""
    SSL Certificate Authority file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-certfile\fP=""
    SSL certification file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-keyfile\fP=""
    SSL key file used to secure etcd communication.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-prefix\fP="/registry"
    The prefix to prepend to all resource paths in etcd.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-quorum\-read\fP=false
    If true, enable quorum read.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-servers\fP=[]
    List of etcd servers to connect with (scheme://ip:port), comma separated.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-servers\-overrides\fP=[]
    Per\-resource etcd servers overrides, comma separated. The individual override format: group/resource#servers, where servers are 
\[la]http://ip:port\[ra], semicolon separated.

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-ttl\fP=1h0m0s
    Amount of time to retain events. Default is 1h.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-keystone\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, the Keystone server's certificate will be verified by one of the authorities in the experimental\-keystone\-ca\-file, otherwise the host's root CA set will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-keystone\-url\fP=""
    If passed, activates the keystone authentication plugin.

.PP
\fB\-\-external\-hostname\fP=""
    The hostname to use when generating externalized URLs for this master (e.g. Swagger API Docs).

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
AffinityInAnnotations=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllowExtTrafficLocalEndpoints=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicVolumeProvisioning=true|false (ALPHA \- default=true)
ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-allow\-any\-token\fP=false
    If set, your server will be INSECURE.  Any token will be allowed and user information will be parsed from the token as \fB\fCusername/group1,group2\fR

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-bind\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    The IP address on which to serve the \-\-insecure\-port (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces). Defaults to localhost.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-port\fP=8080
    The port on which to serve unsecured, unauthenticated access. Default 8080. It is assumed that firewall rules are set up such that this port is not reachable from outside of the cluster and that port 443 on the cluster's public address is proxied to this port. This is performed by nginx in the default setup.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client cert file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-https\fP=true
    Use https for kubelet connections.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-port\fP=10250
    DEPRECATED: kubelet port.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-preferred\-address\-types\fP=[Hostname,InternalDNS,InternalIP,ExternalDNS,ExternalIP,LegacyHostIP]
    List of the preferred NodeAddressTypes to use for kubelet connections.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-read\-only\-port\fP=10255
    DEPRECATED: kubelet port.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-timeout\fP=5s
    Timeout for kubelet operations.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-service\-node\-port\fP=0
    If non\-zero, the Kubernetes master service (which apiserver creates/maintains) will be of type NodePort, using this as the value of the port. If zero, the Kubernetes master service will be of type ClusterIP.

.PP
\fB\-\-long\-running\-request\-regexp\fP=""
    A regular expression matching long running requests which should be excluded from maximum inflight request handling.

.PP
\fB\-\-master\-service\-namespace\fP="default"
    DEPRECATED: the namespace from which the kubernetes master services should be injected into pods.

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-connection\-bytes\-per\-sec\fP=0
    If non\-zero, throttle each user connection to this number of bytes/sec. Currently only applies to long\-running requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-mutating\-requests\-inflight\fP=200
    The maximum number of mutating requests in flight at a given time. When the server exceeds this, it rejects requests. Zero for no limit.

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-requests\-inflight\fP=400
    The maximum number of non\-mutating requests in flight at a given time. When the server exceeds this, it rejects requests. Zero for no limit.

.PP
\fB\-\-min\-request\-timeout\fP=1800
    An optional field indicating the minimum number of seconds a handler must keep a request open before timing it out. Currently only honored by the watch request handler, which picks a randomized value above this number as the connection timeout, to spread out load.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, the OpenID server's certificate will be verified by one of the authorities in the oidc\-ca\-file, otherwise the host's root CA set will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-client\-id\fP=""
    The client ID for the OpenID Connect client, must be set if oidc\-issuer\-url is set.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-groups\-claim\fP=""
    If provided, the name of a custom OpenID Connect claim for specifying user groups. The claim value is expected to be a string or array of strings. This flag is experimental, please see the authentication documentation for further details.

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-issuer\-url\fP=""
    The URL of the OpenID issuer, only HTTPS scheme will be accepted. If set, it will be used to verify the OIDC JSON Web Token (JWT).

.PP
\fB\-\-oidc\-username\-claim\fP="sub"
    The OpenID claim to use as the user name. Note that claims other than the default ('sub') is not guaranteed to be unique and immutable. This flag is experimental, please see the authentication documentation for further details.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=8080
    DEPRECATED: see \-\-insecure\-port instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-portal\-net\fP=<nil>
    DEPRECATED: see \-\-service\-cluster\-ip\-range instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=true
    Enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/

.PP
\fB\-\-public\-address\-override\fP=0.0.0.0
    DEPRECATED: see \-\-bind\-address instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-repair\-malformed\-updates\fP=true
    If true, server will do its best to fix the update request to pass the validation, e.g., setting empty UID in update request to its existing value. This flag can be turned off after we fix all the clients that send malformed updates.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-allowed\-names\fP=[]
    List of client certificate common names to allow to provide usernames in headers specified by \-\-requestheader\-username\-headers. If empty, any client certificate validated by the authorities in \-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file is allowed.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
    Root certificate bundle to use to verify client certificates on incoming requests before trusting usernames in headers specified by \-\-requestheader\-username\-headers

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-extra\-headers\-prefix\fP=[]
    List of request header prefixes to inspect. X\-Remote\-Extra\- is suggested.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-group\-headers\fP=[]
    List of request headers to inspect for groups. X\-Remote\-Group is suggested.

.PP
\fB\-\-requestheader\-username\-headers\fP=[]
    List of request headers to inspect for usernames. X\-Remote\-User is common.

.PP
\fB\-\-runtime\-config\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe runtime configuration that may be passed to apiserver. apis/<groupVersion> key can be used to turn on/off specific api versions. apis/<groupVersion>/<resource> can be used to turn on/off specific resources. api/all and api/legacy are special keys to control all and legacy api versions respectively.

.PP
\fB\-\-secure\-port\fP=6443
    The port on which to serve HTTPS with authentication and authorization. If 0, don't serve HTTPS at all.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-key\-file\fP=[]
    File containing PEM\-encoded x509 RSA or ECDSA private or public keys, used to verify ServiceAccount tokens. If unspecified, \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file is used. The specified file can contain multiple keys, and the flag can be specified multiple times with different files.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-lookup\fP=false
    If true, validate ServiceAccount tokens exist in etcd as part of authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-cluster\-ip\-range\fP=<nil>
    A CIDR notation IP range from which to assign service cluster IPs. This must not overlap with any IP ranges assigned to nodes for pods.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-node\-port\-range\fP=30000\-32767
    A port range to reserve for services with NodePort visibility. Example: '30000\-32767'. Inclusive at both ends of the range.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-node\-ports\fP=30000\-32767
    DEPRECATED: see \-\-service\-node\-port\-range instead

.PP
\fB\-\-ssh\-keyfile\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use secure SSH proxy to the nodes, using this user keyfile

.PP
\fB\-\-ssh\-user\fP=""
    If non\-empty, use secure SSH proxy to the nodes, using this user name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-backend\fP=""
    The storage backend for persistence. Options: 'etcd3' (default), 'etcd2'.

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-media\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    The media type to use to store objects in storage. Defaults to application/json. Some resources may only support a specific media type and will ignore this setting.

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: the version to store the legacy v1 resources with. Defaults to server preferred.

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-versions\fP="apps/v1beta1,authentication.k8s.io/v1,authorization.k8s.io/v1,autoscaling/v1,batch/v1,certificates.k8s.io/v1beta1,componentconfig/v1alpha1,extensions/v1beta1,federation/v1beta1,imagepolicy.k8s.io/v1alpha1,policy/v1beta1,rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1,storage.k8s.io/v1beta1,v1"
    The per\-group version to store resources in. Specified in the format "group1/version1,group2/version2,...". In the case where objects are moved from one group to the other, you may specify the format "group1=group2/v1beta1,group3/v1beta1,...". You only need to pass the groups you wish to change from the defaults. It defaults to a list of preferred versions of all registered groups, which is derived from the KUBE\_API\_VERSIONS environment variable.

.PP
\fB\-\-target\-ram\-mb\fP=0
    Memory limit for apiserver in MB (used to configure sizes of caches, etc.)

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, this certificate authority will used for secure access from Admission Controllers. This must be a valid PEM\-encoded CA bundle. Altneratively, the certificate authority can be appended to the certificate provided by \-\-tls\-cert\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cert\-file\fP=""
    File containing the default x509 Certificate for HTTPS. (CA cert, if any, concatenated after server cert). If HTTPS serving is enabled, and \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are not provided, a self\-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to /var/run/kubernetes.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    File containing the default x509 private key matching \-\-tls\-cert\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-sni\-cert\-key\fP=[]
    A pair of x509 certificate and private key file paths, optionally suffixed with a list of domain patterns which are fully qualified domain names, possibly with prefixed wildcard segments. If no domain patterns are provided, the names of the certificate are extracted. Non\-wildcard matches trump over wildcard matches, explicit domain patterns trump over extracted names. For multiple key/certificate pairs, use the \-\-tls\-sni\-cert\-key multiple times. Examples: "example.key,example.crt" or "*.foo.com,foo.com:foo.key,foo.crt".

.PP
\fB\-\-token\-auth\-file\fP=""
    If set, the file that will be used to secure the secure port of the API server via token authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-watch\-cache\fP=true
    Enable watch caching in the apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-watch\-cache\-sizes\fP=[]
    List of watch cache sizes for every resource (pods, nodes, etc.), comma separated. The individual override format: resource#size, where size is a number. It takes effect when watch\-cache is enabled.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
