.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubelet \-


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubelet\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The kubelet is the primary "node agent" that runs on each
node. The kubelet works in terms of a PodSpec. A PodSpec is a YAML or JSON object
that describes a pod. The kubelet takes a set of PodSpecs that are provided through
various mechanisms (primarily through the apiserver) and ensures that the containers
described in those PodSpecs are running and healthy. The kubelet doesn't manage
containers which were not created by Kubernetes.

.PP
Other than from an PodSpec from the apiserver, there are three ways that a container
manifest can be provided to the Kubelet.

.PP
File: Path passed as a flag on the command line. Files under this path will be monitored
periodically for updates. The monitoring period is 20s by default and is configurable
via a flag.

.PP
HTTP endpoint: HTTP endpoint passed as a parameter on the command line. This endpoint
is checked every 20 seconds (also configurable with a flag).

.PP
HTTP server: The kubelet can also listen for HTTP and respond to a simple API
(underspec'd currently) to submit a new manifest.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address for the Kubelet to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-privileged\fP=false
    If true, allow containers to request privileged mode.

.PP
\fB\-\-anonymous\-auth\fP=true
    Enables anonymous requests to the Kubelet server. Requests that are not rejected by another authentication method are treated as anonymous requests. Anonymous requests have a username of system:anonymous, and a group name of system:unauthenticated.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-token\-webhook\fP=false
    Use the TokenReview API to determine authentication for bearer tokens.

.PP
\fB\-\-authentication\-token\-webhook\-cache\-ttl\fP=2m0s
    The duration to cache responses from the webhook token authenticator.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-mode\fP="AlwaysAllow"
    Authorization mode for Kubelet server. Valid options are AlwaysAllow or Webhook. Webhook mode uses the SubjectAccessReview API to determine authorization.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-authorized\-ttl\fP=5m0s
    The duration to cache 'authorized' responses from the webhook authorizer.

.PP
\fB\-\-authorization\-webhook\-cache\-unauthorized\-ttl\fP=30s
    The duration to cache 'unauthorized' responses from the webhook authorizer.

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-bootstrap\-checkpoint\-path\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> Path to to the directory where the checkpoints are stored

.PP
\fB\-\-bootstrap\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to a kubeconfig file that will be used to get client certificate for kubelet. If the file specified by \-\-kubeconfig does not exist, the bootstrap kubeconfig is used to request a client certificate from the API server. On success, a kubeconfig file referencing the generated client certificate and key is written to the path specified by \-\-kubeconfig. The client certificate and key file will be stored in the directory pointed by \-\-cert\-dir.

.PP
\fB\-\-cadvisor\-port\fP=4194
    The port of the localhost cAdvisor endpoint (set to 0 to disable)

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/var/lib/kubelet/pki"
    The directory where the TLS certs are located. If \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are provided, this flag will be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-cgroup\-driver\fP="cgroupfs"
    Driver that the kubelet uses to manipulate cgroups on the host.  Possible values: 'cgroupfs', 'systemd'

.PP
\fB\-\-cgroup\-root\fP=""
    Optional root cgroup to use for pods. This is handled by the container runtime on a best effort basis. Default: '', which means use the container runtime default.

.PP
\fB\-\-cgroups\-per\-qos\fP=true
    Enable creation of QoS cgroup hierarchy, if true top level QoS and pod cgroups are created.

.PP
\fB\-\-chaos\-chance\fP=0
    If > 0.0, introduce random client errors and latency. Intended for testing.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, any request presenting a client certificate signed by one of the authorities in the client\-ca\-file is authenticated with an identity corresponding to the CommonName of the client certificate.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-config\fP=""
    The path to the cloud provider configuration file.  Empty string for no configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\fP=""
    The provider for cloud services. Specify empty string for running with no cloud provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-dns\fP=[]
    Comma\-separated list of DNS server IP address.  This value is used for containers DNS server in case of Pods with "dnsPolicy=ClusterFirst". Note: all DNS servers appearing in the list MUST serve the same set of records otherwise name resolution within the cluster may not work correctly. There is no guarantee as to which DNS server may be contacted for name resolution.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-domain\fP=""
    Domain for this cluster.  If set, kubelet will configure all containers to search this domain in addition to the host's search domains

.PP
\fB\-\-cni\-bin\-dir\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for CNI plugin binaries. Default: /opt/cni/bin

.PP
\fB\-\-cni\-conf\-dir\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for CNI config files. Default: /etc/cni/net.d

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-runtime\fP="docker"
    The container runtime to use. Possible values: 'docker', 'rkt'.

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-runtime\-endpoint\fP="unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock"
    [Experimental] The endpoint of remote runtime service. Currently unix socket is supported on Linux, and tcp is supported on windows.  Examples:'unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock', 'tcp://localhost:3735'

.PP
\fB\-\-containerized\fP=false
    Experimental support for running kubelet in a container.  Intended for testing.

.PP
\fB\-\-contention\-profiling\fP=false
    Enable lock contention profiling, if profiling is enabled

.PP
\fB\-\-cpu\-cfs\-quota\fP=true
    Enable CPU CFS quota enforcement for containers that specify CPU limits

.PP
\fB\-\-cpu\-manager\-policy\fP="none"
    <Warning: Alpha feature> CPU Manager policy to use. Possible values: 'none', 'static'. Default: 'none'

.PP
\fB\-\-cpu\-manager\-reconcile\-period\fP=10s
    <Warning: Alpha feature> CPU Manager reconciliation period. Examples: '10s', or '1m'. If not supplied, defaults to \fB\fCNodeStatusUpdateFrequency\fR

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-disable\-shared\-pid\fP=true
    The Container Runtime Interface (CRI) defaults to using a shared PID namespace for containers in a pod when running with Docker 1.13.1 or higher. Setting this flag reverts to the previous behavior of isolated PID namespaces. This ability will be removed in a future Kubernetes release.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-endpoint\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    Use this for the docker endpoint to communicate with

.PP
\fB\-\-dynamic\-config\-dir\fP=""
    The Kubelet will use this directory for checkpointing downloaded configurations and tracking configuration health. The Kubelet will create this directory if it does not already exist. The path may be absolute or relative; relative paths start at the Kubelet's current working directory. Providing this flag enables dynamic Kubelet configuration. Presently, you must also enable the DynamicKubeletConfig feature gate to pass this flag.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-controller\-attach\-detach\fP=true
    Enables the Attach/Detach controller to manage attachment/detachment of volumes scheduled to this node, and disables kubelet from executing any attach/detach operations

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-custom\-metrics\fP=false
    Support for gathering custom metrics.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-debugging\-handlers\fP=true
    Enables server endpoints for log collection and local running of containers and commands

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-server\fP=true
    Enable the Kubelet's server

.PP
\fB\-\-enforce\-node\-allocatable\fP=[pods]
    A comma separated list of levels of node allocatable enforcement to be enforced by kubelet. Acceptible options are 'pods', 'system\-reserved' \& 'kube\-reserved'. If the latter two options are specified, '\-\-system\-reserved\-cgroup' \& '\-\-kube\-reserved\-cgroup' must also be set respectively. See 
\[la]https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/\[ra] for more details.

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-burst\fP=10
    Maximum size of a bursty event records, temporarily allows event records to burst to this number, while still not exceeding event\-qps. Only used if \-\-event\-qps > 0

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-qps\fP=5
    If > 0, limit event creations per second to this value. If 0, unlimited.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-hard\fP=imagefs.available<15%,memory.available<100Mi,nodefs.available<10%,nodefs.inodesFree<5%
    A set of eviction thresholds (e.g. memory.available<1Gi) that if met would trigger a pod eviction.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-max\-pod\-grace\-period\fP=0
    Maximum allowed grace period (in seconds) to use when terminating pods in response to a soft eviction threshold being met.  If negative, defer to pod specified value.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-minimum\-reclaim\fP=
    A set of minimum reclaims (e.g. imagefs.available=2Gi) that describes the minimum amount of resource the kubelet will reclaim when performing a pod eviction if that resource is under pressure.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-pressure\-transition\-period\fP=5m0s
    Duration for which the kubelet has to wait before transitioning out of an eviction pressure condition.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-soft\fP=
    A set of eviction thresholds (e.g. memory.available<1.5Gi) that if met over a corresponding grace period would trigger a pod eviction.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-soft\-grace\-period\fP=
    A set of eviction grace periods (e.g. memory.available=1m30s) that correspond to how long a soft eviction threshold must hold before triggering a pod eviction.

.PP
\fB\-\-exit\-on\-lock\-contention\fP=false
    Whether kubelet should exit upon lock\-file contention.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-allocatable\-ignore\-eviction\fP=false
    When set to 'true', Hard Eviction Thresholds will be ignored while calculating Node Allocatable. See 
\[la]https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/\[ra] for more details. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-allowed\-unsafe\-sysctls\fP=[]
    Comma\-separated whitelist of unsafe sysctls or unsafe sysctl patterns (ending in *). Use these at your own risk.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-bootstrap\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    deprecated: use \-\-bootstrap\-kubeconfig

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-check\-node\-capabilities\-before\-mount\fP=false
    [Experimental] if set true, the kubelet will check the underlying node for required componenets (binaries, etc.) before performing the mount

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-dockershim\fP=false
    Enable dockershim only mode. In this mode, kubelet will only start dockershim without any other functionalities. This flag only serves test purpose, please do not use it unless you are conscious of what you are doing. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-dockershim\-root\-directory\fP="/var/lib/dockershim"
    Path to the dockershim root directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-fail\-swap\-on\fP=true
    DEPRECATED: please use \-\-fail\-swap\-on instead.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-kernel\-memcg\-notification\fP=false
    If enabled, the kubelet will integrate with the kernel memcg notification to determine if memory eviction thresholds are crossed rather than polling.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-mounter\-path\fP=""
    [Experimental] Path of mounter binary. Leave empty to use the default mount.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-qos\-reserved\fP=
    A set of ResourceName=Percentage (e.g. memory=50%) pairs that describe how pod resource requests are reserved at the QoS level. Currently only memory is supported. [default=none]

.PP
\fB\-\-fail\-swap\-on\fP=true
    Makes the Kubelet fail to start if swap is enabled on the node.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
APIListChunking=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
APIResponseCompression=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
Accelerators=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AdvancedAuditing=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllowExtTrafficLocalEndpoints=true|false (default=true)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
BlockVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CPUManager=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CSIPersistentVolume=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomPodDNS=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
CustomResourceValidation=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DebugContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DevicePlugins=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
EnableEquivalenceClassCache=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExpandPersistentVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalCriticalPodAnnotation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ExperimentalHostUserNamespaceDefaulting=true|false (BETA \- default=false)
HugePages=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
Initializers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
KubeletConfigFile=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
LocalStorageCapacityIsolation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MountContainers=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
MountPropagation=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PVCProtection=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PersistentLocalVolumes=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
PodPriority=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
RotateKubeletClientCertificate=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
RotateKubeletServerCertificate=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
ServiceNodeExclusion=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
StreamingProxyRedirects=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
SupportIPVSProxyMode=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintBasedEvictions=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
TaintNodesByCondition=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
VolumeScheduling=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)

.PP
\fB\-\-file\-check\-frequency\fP=20s
    Duration between checking config files for new data

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-hairpin\-mode\fP="promiscuous\-bridge"
    How should the kubelet setup hairpin NAT. This allows endpoints of a Service to loadbalance back to themselves if they should try to access their own Service. Valid values are "promiscuous\-bridge", "hairpin\-veth" and "none".

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-bind\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    The IP address for the healthz server to serve on. (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-port\fP=10248
    The port of the localhost healthz endpoint (set to 0 to disable)

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-ipc\-sources\fP=[*]
    Comma\-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use the host ipc namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-network\-sources\fP=[*]
    Comma\-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use of host network.

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-pid\-sources\fP=[*]
    Comma\-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use the host pid namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\-override\fP=""
    If non\-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.

.PP
\fB\-\-http\-check\-frequency\fP=20s
    Duration between checking http for new data

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-gc\-high\-threshold\fP=85
    The percent of disk usage after which image garbage collection is always run.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-gc\-low\-threshold\fP=80
    The percent of disk usage before which image garbage collection is never run. Lowest disk usage to garbage collect to.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-pull\-progress\-deadline\fP=1m0s
    If no pulling progress is made before this deadline, the image pulling will be cancelled.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-service\-endpoint\fP=""
    [Experimental] The endpoint of remote image service. If not specified, it will be the same with container\-runtime\-endpoint by default. Currently unix socket is supported on Linux, and tcp is supported on windows.  Examples:'unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock', 'tcp://localhost:3735'

.PP
\fB\-\-init\-config\-dir\fP=""
    The Kubelet will look in this directory for the init configuration. The path may be absolute or relative; relative paths start at the Kubelet's current working directory. Omit this argument to use the built\-in default configuration values. Presently, you must also enable the KubeletConfigFile feature gate to pass this flag.

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-drop\-bit\fP=15
    The bit of the fwmark space to mark packets for dropping. Must be within the range [0, 31].

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-masquerade\-bit\fP=14
    The bit of the fwmark space to mark packets for SNAT. Must be within the range [0, 31]. Please match this parameter with corresponding parameter in kube\-proxy.

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-terminated\-pod\-volumes\fP=false
    Keep terminated pod volumes mounted to the node after the pod terminates.  Can be useful for debugging volume related issues.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=10
    Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    Content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=5
    QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-reserved\fP=
    A set of ResourceName=ResourceQuantity (e.g. cpu=200m,memory=500Mi,ephemeral\-storage=1Gi) pairs that describe resources reserved for kubernetes system components. Currently cpu, memory and local ephemeral storage for root file system are supported. See 
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources\[ra] for more detail. [default=none]

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-reserved\-cgroup\fP=""
    Absolute name of the top level cgroup that is used to manage kubernetes components for which compute resources were reserved via '\-\-kube\-reserved' flag. Ex. '/kube\-reserved'. [default='']

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/var/lib/kubelet/kubeconfig"
    Path to a kubeconfig file, specifying how to connect to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-cgroups\fP=""
    Optional absolute name of cgroups to create and run the Kubelet in.

.PP
\fB\-\-lock\-file\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The path to file for kubelet to use as a lock file.

.PP
\fB\-\-make\-iptables\-util\-chains\fP=true
    If true, kubelet will ensure iptables utility rules are present on host.

.PP
\fB\-\-manifest\-url\fP=""
    URL for accessing the container manifest

.PP
\fB\-\-manifest\-url\-header\fP=
    Comma\-separated list of HTTP headers to use when accessing the manifest URL. Multiple headers with the same name will be added in the same order provided. This flag can be repeatedly invoked. For example: \fB\fC\-\-manifest\-url\-header 'a:hello,b:again,c:world' \-\-manifest\-url\-header 'b:beautiful'\fR

.PP
\fB\-\-master\-service\-namespace\fP="default"
    The namespace from which the kubernetes master services should be injected into pods

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-open\-files\fP=1000000
    Number of files that can be opened by Kubelet process.

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-pods\fP=110
    Number of Pods that can run on this Kubelet.

.PP
\fB\-\-maximum\-dead\-containers\fP=\-1
    Maximum number of old instances of containers to retain globally.  Each container takes up some disk space. To disable, set to a negative number.

.PP
\fB\-\-maximum\-dead\-containers\-per\-container\fP=1
    Maximum number of old instances to retain per container.  Each container takes up some disk space.

.PP
\fB\-\-minimum\-container\-ttl\-duration\fP=0s
    Minimum age for a finished container before it is garbage collected.  Examples: '300ms', '10s' or '2h45m'

.PP
\fB\-\-minimum\-image\-ttl\-duration\fP=2m0s
    Minimum age for an unused image before it is garbage collected.  Examples: '300ms', '10s' or '2h45m'.

.PP
\fB\-\-network\-plugin\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The name of the network plugin to be invoked for various events in kubelet/pod lifecycle

.PP
\fB\-\-network\-plugin\-mtu\fP=0
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The MTU to be passed to the network plugin, to override the default. Set to 0 to use the default 1460 MTU.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-ip\fP=""
    IP address of the node. If set, kubelet will use this IP address for the node

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-labels\fP=
    <Warning: Alpha feature> Labels to add when registering the node in the cluster.  Labels must be key=value pairs separated by ','.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-status\-update\-frequency\fP=10s
    Specifies how often kubelet posts node status to master. Note: be cautious when changing the constant, it must work with nodeMonitorGracePeriod in nodecontroller.

.PP
\fB\-\-non\-masquerade\-cidr\fP="10.0.0.0/8"
    Traffic to IPs outside this range will use IP masquerade. Set to '0.0.0.0/0' to never masquerade.

.PP
\fB\-\-oom\-score\-adj\fP=\-999
    The oom\-score\-adj value for kubelet process. Values must be within the range [\-1000, 1000]

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-cidr\fP=""
    The CIDR to use for pod IP addresses, only used in standalone mode.  In cluster mode, this is obtained from the master.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-infra\-container\-image\fP="gcr.io/google\_containers/pause\-amd64:3.0"
    The image whose network/ipc namespaces containers in each pod will use.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-manifest\-path\fP=""
    Path to the directory containing pod manifest files to run, or the path to a single pod manifest file. Files starting with dots will be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-pods\-per\-core\fP=0
    Number of Pods per core that can run on this Kubelet. The total number of Pods on this Kubelet cannot exceed max\-pods, so max\-pods will be used if this calculation results in a larger number of Pods allowed on the Kubelet. A value of 0 disables this limit.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=10250
    The port for the Kubelet to serve on.

.PP
\fB\-\-protect\-kernel\-defaults\fP=false
    Default kubelet behaviour for kernel tuning. If set, kubelet errors if any of kernel tunables is different than kubelet defaults.

.PP
\fB\-\-provider\-id\fP=""
    Unique identifier for identifying the node in a machine database, i.e cloudprovider

.PP
\fB\-\-read\-only\-port\fP=10255
    The read\-only port for the Kubelet to serve on with no authentication/authorization (set to 0 to disable)

.PP
\fB\-\-really\-crash\-for\-testing\fP=false
    If true, when panics occur crash. Intended for testing.

.PP
\fB\-\-register\-node\fP=true
    Register the node with the apiserver. If \-\-kubeconfig is not provided, this flag is irrelevant, as the Kubelet won't have an apiserver to register with. Default=true.

.PP
\fB\-\-register\-schedulable\fP=true
    Register the node as schedulable. Won't have any effect if register\-node is false.

.PP
\fB\-\-register\-with\-taints\fP=
    Register the node with the given list of taints (comma separated "<key>=<value>:<effect>"). No\-op if register\-node is false.

.PP
\fB\-\-registry\-burst\fP=10
    Maximum size of a bursty pulls, temporarily allows pulls to burst to this number, while still not exceeding registry\-qps. Only used if \-\-registry\-qps > 0

.PP
\fB\-\-registry\-qps\fP=5
    If > 0, limit registry pull QPS to this value.  If 0, unlimited.

.PP
\fB\-\-require\-kubeconfig\fP=false
    This flag is no longer necessary. It has been deprecated and will be removed in a future version.

.PP
\fB\-\-resolv\-conf\fP="/etc/resolv.conf"
    Resolver configuration file used as the basis for the container DNS resolution configuration.

.PP
\fB\-\-rkt\-api\-endpoint\fP="localhost:15441"
    The endpoint of the rkt API service to communicate with. Only used if \-\-container\-runtime='rkt'.

.PP
\fB\-\-rkt\-path\fP=""
    Path of rkt binary. Leave empty to use the first rkt in $PATH.  Only used if \-\-container\-runtime='rkt'.

.PP
\fB\-\-rkt\-stage1\-image\fP=""
    image to use as stage1. Local paths and http/https URLs are supported. If empty, the 'stage1.aci' in the same directory as '\-\-rkt\-path' will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-root\-dir\fP="/var/lib/kubelet"
    Directory path for managing kubelet files (volume mounts,etc).

.PP
\fB\-\-rotate\-certificates\fP=false
    <Warning: Beta feature> Auto rotate the kubelet client certificates by requesting new certificates from the kube\-apiserver when the certificate expiration approaches.

.PP
\fB\-\-runonce\fP=false
    If true, exit after spawning pods from local manifests or remote urls. Exclusive with \-\-enable\-server

.PP
\fB\-\-runtime\-cgroups\fP=""
    Optional absolute name of cgroups to create and run the runtime in.

.PP
\fB\-\-runtime\-request\-timeout\fP=2m0s
    Timeout of all runtime requests except long running request \- pull, logs, exec and attach. When timeout exceeded, kubelet will cancel the request, throw out an error and retry later.

.PP
\fB\-\-seccomp\-profile\-root\fP="/var/lib/kubelet/seccomp"
    <Warning: Alpha feature> Directory path for seccomp profiles.

.PP
\fB\-\-serialize\-image\-pulls\fP=true
    Pull images one at a time. We recommend \fInot\fP changing the default value on nodes that run docker daemon with version < 1.9 or an Aufs storage backend. Issue #10959 has more details.

.PP
\fB\-\-streaming\-connection\-idle\-timeout\fP=4h0m0s
    Maximum time a streaming connection can be idle before the connection is automatically closed. 0 indicates no timeout. Example: '5m'

.PP
\fB\-\-sync\-frequency\fP=1m0s
    Max period between synchronizing running containers and config

.PP
\fB\-\-system\-cgroups\fP=""
    Optional absolute name of cgroups in which to place all non\-kernel processes that are not already inside a cgroup under \fB\fC/\fR. Empty for no container. Rolling back the flag requires a reboot.

.PP
\fB\-\-system\-reserved\fP=
    A set of ResourceName=ResourceQuantity (e.g. cpu=200m,memory=500Mi,ephemeral\-storage=1Gi) pairs that describe resources reserved for non\-kubernetes components. Currently only cpu and memory are supported. See 
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/compute-resources\[ra] for more detail. [default=none]

.PP
\fB\-\-system\-reserved\-cgroup\fP=""
    Absolute name of the top level cgroup that is used to manage non\-kubernetes components for which compute resources were reserved via '\-\-system\-reserved' flag. Ex. '/system\-reserved'. [default='']

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cert\-file\fP=""
    File containing x509 Certificate used for serving HTTPS (with intermediate certs, if any, concatenated after server cert). If \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are not provided, a self\-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to the directory passed to \-\-cert\-dir.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    File containing x509 private key matching \-\-tls\-cert\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=false
    Print version information and quit

.PP
\fB\-\-volume\-plugin\-dir\fP="/usr/libexec/kubernetes/kubelet\-plugins/volume/exec/"
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for additional third party volume plugins

.PP
\fB\-\-volume\-stats\-agg\-period\fP=1m0s
    Specifies interval for kubelet to calculate and cache the volume disk usage for all pods and volumes.  To disable volume calculations, set to 0.


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
