.TH "KUBERNETES" "1" " kubernetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
kubectl resize \- Set a new size for a Replication Controller.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBkubectl resize\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Set a new size for a Replication Controller.

.PP
Resize also allows users to specify one or more preconditions for the resize action.
If \-\-current\-replicas or \-\-resource\-version is specified, it is validated before the
resize is attempted, and it is guaranteed that the precondition holds true when the
resize is sent to the server.

.PP
Examples:

.PP
.RS

.nf
// Resize replication controller named 'foo' to 3.
$ kubectl resize \-\-replicas=3 replicationcontrollers foo

// If the replication controller named foo's current size is 2, resize foo to 3.
$ kubectl resize \-\-current\-replicas=2 \-\-replicas=3 replicationcontrollers foo

.fi
.RE


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-current\-replicas\fP=\-1
    Precondition for current size. Requires that the current size of the replication controller match this value in order to resize.

.PP
\fB\-\-replicas\fP=\-1
    The new desired number of replicas. Required.

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-version\fP=""
    Precondition for resource version. Requires that the current resource version match this value in order to resize.


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBkubectl(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the kubernetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
