.TH "LMKTFYRNETES" "1" " lmktfyrnetes User Manuals" "Eric Paris" "Jan 2015"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
lmktfyctl \- lmktfyctl controls the LMKTFYrnetes cluster manager


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBlmktfyctl\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
lmktfyctl controls the LMKTFYrnetes cluster manager.

.PP
Find more information at 
\[la]https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/lmktfyrnetes\[ra].


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-auth\-path\fP=""
    Path to the auth info file. If missing, prompt the user. Only used if using https.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the lmktfyconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the lmktfyconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP=false
    help for lmktfyctl

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-lmktfyconfig\fP=""
    Path to the lmktfyconfig file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_backtrace\_at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\_flush\_frequency\fP=5s
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the LMKTFYrnetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the lmktfyconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username for basic authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=false
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBlmktfyctl\-get(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-describe(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-create(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-update(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-delete(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-namespace(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-log(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-rollingupdate(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-resize(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-exec(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-port\-forward(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-proxy(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-run\-container(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-stop(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-expose(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-label(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-config(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-clusterinfo(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-apiversions(1)\fP, \fBlmktfyctl\-version(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
January 2015, Originally compiled by Eric Paris (eparis at redhat dot com) based on the lmktfyrnetes source material, but hopefully they have been automatically generated since!
